We're all going to die.
Hmph, I have been loyal to my country all my life
I hate those who slander the king the most on weekdays
And escape
Unfortunately, the two of you are fighting
Trial action concluded
Leave his name to me to decide
I don't want to dirty the king's hands
The general
Don't listen to Lin Shaoyang's nonsense
Everything he said was false.
So many people are watching
Just in front of you
Can you talk?
I am a general
You're being used as a gunman without knowing it
Qin Xie generation
How dare I insult you?
General Fenbei remembers your past and is dedicated to the country
Kill countless enemies
Punishment this time
This is not an example.
What? Who the hell is he?
I did my best with that punch.
Only a master of the magic machine can stop his extreme value
Where did such strength come from?
Yes, it's like a giant
That time
Although I am only looking at the giant from a distance
Especially his momentum is completely shaken
Just like the feeling just now
Excuse me.
The general
Why don't you take this quickly?
Insulting the waste of the Wei Wu Army
I fuck shaw challenge
It's a king's banquet
You dog dare to commit murder here
evil animal
You add one more crime to the murder here
This bastard is the wife of my Xiao family
Today's trial should also be judged by my Xiao family.
I will crush him to ashes soon during the Spring Festival
Please bear witness
Bone and ash
Bone lift ash Bone lift ash Bone lift ash Bone lift ash
Please, Your Majesty